Colin Stewart:
Colin is a graduate of Drexel University who earned his degree in film and video. In the past he has worked with the production team at Alkemy X in Philadelphia creating commercials for clients such as Target. He is the owner of Five Tribes Cinema Productions, but, on set he specializes in directing and camera operation. As someone who has spearheaded hundreds of different film projects, Colin is ready to take your project and make it the best it can possibly be.

TJ Rumer
Terence “TJ” Rumer has been a producer with Five Tribes for the past year and a creative force within the company for even longer. He is currently pursuing a degree in Entertainment Industries Management with an emphasis in Film/TV/Media as well as a minor in Legal Studies at Rider University. His efforts lie mostly in facilitating groundbreaking media projects to reach their full potential, with several award-winning films under his producing belt. Looking towards the future, TJ plans for Five Tribes creative output to match their ability to produce said media.

David Laverty:
David Laverty is the Production Specialist for Five Tribes Cinema Productions. David graduated from the University of Tampa in 2019 with a BA in Film and Media Arts. In addition to being specialized as a camera operator and with lights and audio equipment on set, David is also the team's resident Remote Pilot-In-Command for FAA Part 107-complient aerial shoots. David hopes that the success of Five Tribes Cinema Productions will allow the team to pursue more intensely creative projects in the future.

Greg Fischer
Greg Fischer is a graduate student at Stockton University, working towards a Professional Science Masters in Environmental Science. Greg began his journey into photography in 2015, and has focused mostly on wildlife and nature scenes. Since Five Tribes’ founding, Greg has worked as a still photographer on multiple award-winning narrative films, as well as commercial, documentary, and promotional projects. He hopes that he will continue learning as Five Tribes Cinema Productions expands and tackles new and exciting projects.
Chayse McLaughlin:
Chayse graduated from Drexel University with a degree in film and video. Chayse joined the Five Tribes team during that time and he helped with various projects such as camera operating for the Head of the Schuylkill’s 50th Anniversary, gripping for the Undine Barge Club Ad & sound mixing for an ad for the Working Family party’s candidates. Chayse is eager for what the future holds for Five Tribes Cinema Productions.

Paul Giordano:
Paul Giordano has spent years working on sets and even stages. From working as an electric, to audio engineer, working as a grip, producer, actor, artist, comic and even stuntman. Paul still considers his home working at Five Tribes Cinema Productions, since their founding back in 2016. He enjoys coming on to set and making the crew smile with his humor. Paul is super honored to be a part of the Five Tribes team and is looking forward to the future of the company. 

